## Results

In order to determine the locus of phenotypic synaptic plasticity, we
performed intracellular recordings from gregarious and solitarious
fast extensor tibiae motor neurons (FETi). The recordings were
performed at the same time as extracellular recording of activity in
the Descending Contralateral Movement Detector evoked by the movement
of a small rotating disc. In addition, during these recordings we
changed the calcium concentration in order to change the synaptic release
probability.

Individual EPSPs timelocked to DCMD spikes and the average EPSP
waveform across the entire recording duration are shown in Figure
1A. We initially quantified the EPSP amplitude on individual trials
using by subtracting the mean voltage during a 6 ms window centred on
the peak of the average EPSP waveform from a 6 ms window centred 4 ms
prior to the presynaptic spike. This measurement methodology
implements the recommendations in Silver 2003. The timecourse of
EPSP amplitudes measured in such a way is shown in Figure 1B. We then
constructed the non-stationary mean-variance curve as described in
Humeau et al. 2002. Unlike in that study, the points on our
mean-variance plot did not obviously take the form of a parabola. It
is likely that the extra noise in our recorded EPSPs obscured the
theoretically predicted shape of the mean-variance curve.

Probabilistic methods are known to be able to extract information
where ad-hoc estimators cannot (MacKay book). We therefore turned to
building a probabilistic model for all the available data, including
the noise process, the EPSP shape and the quantal release process, in
an attempt to improve the estimation of the synaptic release
parameters.

* lots of data - break model down: noise model, epsp amplitude
  model, quantal model. Later show why this is not only convenient but
  also necessary in this case.

Based on previous work (Ditlevson), we first considered an
Ornstein-Uhlenbeck model for the membrane noise. Such a model
describes an RC circuit in parallel with a white noise current source,
and is governed by the stochastic differential equation 

\begin{math}

C dV = ...

\end{math}

where the first term on the right-hand side corresponds to the
standard membrane equation and the second term is the infinitesimal
increment of the wiener process, or informally

In order to estimate parameters theta and sigma, we used the
equivalent gaussian process with covariance function

\begin{math}

\end{math}

This gave us a direct expression for the likelihood of observing a
vector v corresponding to the membrane voltage sampled with a fixed
interval. 


Using Bayesian inference based on markov chain monte carlo, we were
able to estimate parameters theta and sigma from recordings from
locust neurons. We then assessed the quality of this model by
simulating random voltage traces using parameters drawn from these
estimates (the posterior). We compared these traces to the
experimentally observed voltage traces. 

* doesn't work

* add independent observation noise - brings sigma down. Can do this
  without latent variables

* differences greg and sol

* posterior predictive

* more accurate measurement of EPSP based on the noise process?

* how to model EPSP waveform: cheat

* gaussian process model

* compare two measurements

* quantify variance (lowess-corrected) across cells


